for the first time in my life, i was looking for that ghost.

i was hoping and praying so badly that i had heard it wrong-that it was messing with my head. but the darkness at the corners of my vision had never let me see as much as i did then. it's as if for one sick moment in my life i could see the world in clarity, like some kind of bad phone filter finally got taken off.

and it was horrible.

give up? you told me to give up? after all of that? like some kind of bad ai, no, worse than ai, ai would at least try to pretend to understand you. sure, you may have meant well but you didn't even seem to want to say it for my sake. you just said it as if you wanted to shoo me away. you didn't say how it would be better for me. you just prescribed me a pill. maybe you're right, and i'm being an idiot. maybe i should give up, after all the rabbit holes ive gone down and all the sleepless nights. i cannot describe how much of a blazing, fucking, sickening hypocrite you are though. literally minutes ago we were talking about how you were held up over your crush-and not to disregard your pain-while i essentially had that twice over and told you about how the whole town literally burnt down? you treat your love like it's some kind of commodity you hand out and don't even take it seriously yourself. you keep disregarding your own emotion with 'whatever's and 'it's fine's and 'we ball's that make me feel crazy for trying to relate to you. how could i expect someone who treats their own emotions like that to even sympathize with me? you tell me to give up, but you're still held up on a crush that you overly analyze and whine about when she leaves you on seen. hell, if i wanted to tell you to give up, i would have at least gone 'it's okay, i think it will take time to move on but i will be here for you' but you told me as if you were doctor fucking google. you don't know what it's like to be haunted. you don't know what it's like to lay awake every 3am, searching, exploring through your own dreams. you don't know the guilt of loving two people who can never see each other. you don't know what any of that is like. how could you? you're trapped in an innocently immature love, and probably for the better. nobody should understand this pain.

but still, when that darkness finally faded and i saw what was in front of me so clearly, i'm still reeling from the realization that the worst monsters aren't the shadows in our dreams, or the creatures in the movies,

but it's people. 

