you know, even the act of being creative reminds me of you. not only how much you were able to use your skill and hard work to express yourself, but also how meaningless my work is compared to yours. i don't think you realized it, but you had a gift that you were honing with your hard work too. people talk about those geniuses who get cocky and lose to people who work hard-or frustrated at those geniuses who's talent beats out hard work. you're both of those. you work hard, without knowing what gift you have. i would say i'm jealous, but you work so much harder than me. i'm not nearly as thoughtful or verbose(a word i learned from you, ironically) and how much you can express yourself through your writing. you jokingly envied me because you wanted to learn to draw so badly, but i felt like the images you spun with your words outweighed any drawing i could make. and you struggled to be honest, but you could communicate everything you couldn't say through your work. you said you had issues being genuine, but could be a bit more open with the two of us. but you had to hide so much, so, so much and i didn't realize until it was too late. we were alike in that way, which we talked about. you hid behind quiet musings, and i hid behind a mask of positivity.

i feel disgusting, thinking about what life could be like with both of you. sometimes, i'll be lying in bed thinking about it. us maybe in one of those houses you could find on pintrest with nature around. or maybe some kind of cramped condo we found just for rent. or maybe we wouldn't have a home, or a stable one at least. i know i've run into that situation a couple times with mom after the fire. but it wouldn't matter to me. it would be home if it was with you two. but that home's gone now in so many ways, even in a world where we were free from this demon, this creature, these aching fragments of darkness, you two wouldn't be able to see each other. that bridge was burnt in that fire too, and i just had to watch. i had to watch you lose yourself, and i had to watch him feel every emotion, guilt, anger, sadness, and everything. he missed you, you know? he didn't want to do it, but he felt he had to. and i understand, but god, i wish it was workable. i wish there was something i could do without betraying either of you. i knew he liked you before. i knew you liked him, and how badly he would have wanted to know that.

i imagine life with maybe only one of you. to make it easier. but i couldn't choose. i feel like no matter what, something would be missing. i would still mourn what could have been, and i still would feel so guilty. i wish i could word it better than these ramblings. i bet you could word it far better than this. i'm just so tired. i just want to be okay. please, i wish you were here to tell me it'd be okay like that night we lay next to each other even if it was an arms distance away. i wish we could look into each others eyes again, just silently telling each other everything in life would be okay.

i wish you were right.

x
4 1 1 5 3 3 1